1. What is a Macro? How is it useful in excel or in your daily work?
A macro is a set of instructions used to execute repetitive tasks.
We can record a set of commands and then play them back with one or two keystrokes. 
That means that we can save a lot of time when doing routine and repetitive tasks.



2. What is VBA? Write its full form and briefly explain why VBA is used inexcel?

VBA stands for Visual Basic Analysis. Excel VBA is Microsoft's programming language for
Office applications such as MS-Excel, MS-Word, and MS-Access.

VBA is normally a programming language of excel which is embedded in an individual Microsoft application
i.e. Excel or Access where we can do the automation of several tasks which is also called as “MACRO” in excel.



3. How do you record a macro? Write detailed steps to create a macro to automatically make the following table in bold and to create borders for it in excel.

To record a macro in Excel, click the “View” tab in the Ribbon.
Then click the “Macros” drop-down button in the “Macros” button group.
Then select the “Record Macro…” command to open the “Record Macro” dialog box.
In the “Record Macro” dialog box, 
I have entered a name “Bold_Border”  for the new macro into the “Macro name” text box.
To create a custom keyboard shortcut to use in conjunction with the “Ctrl” key, type the desired shortcut
key letter “Q” into the text box next to the “Ctrl +” label.
Select the name of the workbook to which to attach the macro from the “Store macro in:” drop-down.
To record your macro’s actions, click the “OK” button and then perform the actions to record.
Then select the cells to record the macro. Select Bold option. Select Border option.
Then select the “Stop Recording” command.

Now,  Use the shortcut key Ctrl+Q  to perform the  macros every time.



4. What do you mean when we say VBA Editor?

Microsoft Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) enables non-programmers to record, create, and 
edit macros that can automate tasks in Office applications such as MS Excel.



5. Briefly describe the interface of a VBA editor? What is propertieswindow? And what is watch window? How do you display thesewindows?

The Visual Basic Editor displays a menu with the 4 different toolbars and the option to access the
Customize dialog. The toolbars with a checkmark to their left are those currently displayed by Excel.
A Watch Window in Excel is a window that floats in front of your workbook that lets you see selected 
cells from anywhere in your workbook, or even other workbooks. This can be very helpful when you want 
to see how changes affect cells on other tabs or that aren't within view on a large spreadsheet.

Select the cells that you want to watch. To select all cells on a worksheet with formulas, on the Home
tab, in the Editing group, click Find & Replace, click Go To Special, and then click Formulas. On the
Formulas tab, in the Formula Auditing group, click Watch Window.
From the View menu of the Visual Basic Editor, choose Properties window (F4).




6. What is an immediate Window and what is it used for?

Immediate window is used to test problematic or newly written code, query or change the value of a variable while running an application. 

